Update search.mdx (#3667)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/search.mdx

### Accessibility

Search inputs should be accessible. Ensure users have the ability to return results using their keyboard or by clicking a button.

All search inputs should specify `type="search"`.

> If the search input is within a form then the placeholder should be used instead of a label. If the search input is outside of a form use an`aria-label` in addition to a placeholder.

Author: ```suggestion
Use an `aria-label` in addition to a placeholder unless a visual label is provided.
```

### Accessibility

Search inputs should be accessible. Ensure users have the ability to return results using their keyboard or by clicking a button.

> All search inputs should specify `type="search"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All search inputs should specify `type="search"`.
```

> If the search input is within a form then the placeholder should be used instead of a label. If the search input is outside of a form use an`aria-label` in addition to a placeholder.

Reviewer: Can you link to resource of where it's appropriate for placeholder text to serve as replacement for label? This feels off from my understanding. If anything, it feels like we should always suggest an aria-label unless a visual label in a form is provided.

Reviewer 2: Link to a Figma conversation about this https://www.figma.com/file/KamqhSB2V8TutRsGMAuGgi?node-id=3:1011&mode=design#683671697. 

I think my message might have accidentally been misread, a placeholder can **not** be used instead of a label.

Author: Thanks for picking up on that Taylor. I must have mis read the comment.

> For additional detail, see [ARIA form hints](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/forms/Basic_form_hints) and ['aria-labelledby'](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/forms/labels/#using-aria-labelledby).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For additional detail, see [ARIA form hints](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/forms/Basic_form_hints).
```
We should remove the link to aria-labelledby

## Icons

### 'Search' icon placement

> The search icon may be placed either to the right or left of the input field. Icon position is controlled via the [reverse](https://v2.grommet.io/textinput?theme=hpe#reverse) property

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The search icon may be placed either to the right or left of the input field. Icon position is controlled via the [reverse](https://v2.grommet.io/textinput?theme=hpe#reverse) property.
```
